All the data that supports this library lives the `data` folder.

# To add/edit a format:
1. Add or edit the format in `formats.json`.
2. Add or edit the corresponding tests in `tests.json`.
3. Add or edit the country/countries in `countries.json`.
4. Build the lookup: `npm run build:lookup`.
5. Run the tests: `npm run test`.

# countries.json
countries.json holds an array of each of the supported countries.
## Format
```json
{
  "alpha2": "NL",
  "alpha3": "NLD",
  "numeric3": "528",
  "postalCodeFormat": "NL"
}
```
- alpha2: The ISO-3166-1 Alpha-2 country code.
- alpha3: The ISO-3166-1 Alpha-3 country code.
- numeric3: The ISO-3166-1 Numeric country code.
- postalCodeFormat: The key of a format. Can also be `false` if the country does
 not have postal codes.

_Special note about Canary Islands: it does not have an alpha 3 nor numeric code._

# formats.json
formats.json holds a dictionary of format names to their definition. If multiple
countries have a format in common, the key should be a descriptive name. For
example: `5Digits`.

If the format is particular to a specific country, then the alpha 2 code of the
country should be used. For example: `NL`.

## Format
```json
{
  "NL": {
    "redundantCharacters": " -",
    "validationRegex": "^[1-9][0-9]{3}(?!SA|SD|SS)[A-Z]{2}$"
  }
}
```
- redundantCharacters: characters that should be removed from the postal code
 before validation.
- validationRegex: regex to validate the input. The regex is used case-insensitive,
 so it does not need to account for casing. It should be anchored to prevent
 false positives.

# lookup.json
lookup.json holds a dictionary of keys to the index in the countries array. It is
used to quickly find countries by a number of keys.

**This file is generated by `build/make-lookup.js`**

## Format
```json
{
  "NL": 165,
  "NLD": 165,
  "528": 165
}
```
The keys are the alpha 2, alpha 3 and numeric code of all countries.

# tests.json
tests.json holds the test data for each format. It is a dictionary of the name
of a format to the test data. This powers the unit tests to ensure the validity
of each regex.

## Format
```json
{
  "5Digits": {
    "valid": [
      "12345",
      "56785"
    ],
    "invalid": [
      "123456",
      "1233s",
      "123x3"
    ]
  }
}
```
- valid: array of postal codes that are valid for the format.
- invalid: array of postal codes that are not valid for the format.
